README.md, before:

# Atomic Management
Per-project Atom text editor configurations, for each window.

## Prerequisites
<span style="color:red">Requires Atom v1.26 or above.</span>

<!-- ## Installation (for development purposes)

1. Unzip or clone the repository to any working directory
2. `cd` into the `atomic-management` directory
3. Run `apm link` to link the package to your Atom package directory
4. Run `apm install` to install dependencies and install the package into Atom. -->

## Installation

* In Atom, open *Preferences* (*Settings* on Windows)
* Go to *Install* section
* Search for `Atomic Management` package. Once it found, click `Install` button to install package.

## Usage
When a folder/project is loaded, Atomic Management will look for a
`atomconfig.cson` or `atomconfig.json` file in the opened folder. If no such
file is found, global configurations are used (as per usual). If a project file
is found, it is loaded as Project Configurations and will override the global
configuration when in the project's context.

This allows users to configure visual settings (font size, color, themes),
disable packages, modify settings for other packages, etc. on a per-project
basis *without* tampering with global configurations.

Users can begin using this package immediately after installation with no
additional configuration other than the creation of the `atomconfig.cson` or
`atomconfig.json` file. If you encounter issues, please submit a GitHub issue
with as many details as possible.

## Per-Project Config files: How to
The `atomconfig.cson` or `atomconfig.json` file should be specified in a syntax
similar to the global config file `.atom/config.cson`. An example is shown
below.

```
"*":
    core: {
        themes: [
            "one-light-ui",
            "one-light-syntax"
        ]
        disabledPackages: [
            "markdown-preview"
        ]
    }
    editor: {
        fontSize: 15
        tabLength: 4
    }
    "bracket-matcher":
        autocompleteBrackets: true

".text.html.php":
    editor:
        tabLength: 8
    "bracket-matcher":
        autocompleteBrackets: false

".source.python":
    editor:
        tabLength: 2
```

This package supports all Atom configurations, including but not limited to:

- Specifying settings for the global namespace `*` (affects all files) or
  settings that only affect individual filetypes
    - See [here](https://flight-manual.atom.io/using-atom/sections/basic-customization/#finding-a-languages-scope-name)
      for instructions on how to find a language's scope name.
- `core` and `editor` settings
    - Themes
    - Packages to disable
- Package-specific configurations, such as those of the `bracket-matcher`
  package

For a full list of configurable content, please see the official atom
documentation [here](https://flight-manual.atom.io/using-atom/sections/basic-customization/#configuration-key-reference).

Features that pertain explicitly to styling, such as font color, can be changed
by creating themes and placing them in the `core` array. See
[here][creating-a-theme] for more details on creating themes.

[creating-a-theme]: https://flight-manual.atom.io/hacking-atom/sections/creating-a-theme/

## FAQ
- [How do per-project config files interact with global config?](#How-do-per-project-config-files-interact-with-global-config)
- [How to reset my choice of which per-project config file to use as default?](#How-to-reset-my-choice-of-which-per-project-config-file-to-use-as-default)

### How do per-project config files interact with the global config?
The settings described in the `atomconfig.cson` or `atomconfig.json` file
will override the global Atom configuration, and each operates independently of
each other.

If you wish to change settings on a per-project level, directly edit/create the
`atomconfig.cson` or `atomconfig.json` under the project's root directory. If
you wish to change global settings, directly edit the global configuration
either through `Edit > Config` on Windows/Linux or `Atom > Config` on Mac.

### How to reset my choice of which per-project config file to use as default?
In `Packages > atomic-management`, select the option `Reset remembered config`.

Commit message:

git update readme with new config location

README.md, after:

# Atomic Management
Per-project Atom text editor configurations, for each window.

## Prerequisites
<span style="color:red">Requires Atom v1.26 or above.</span>

<!-- ## Installation (for development purposes)

1. Unzip or clone the repository to any working directory
2. `cd` into the `atomic-management` directory
3. Run `apm link` to link the package to your Atom package directory
4. Run `apm install` to install dependencies and install the package into Atom. -->

## Installation

* In Atom, open *Preferences* (*Settings* on Windows)
* Go to *Install* section
* Search for `Atomic Management` package. Once it found, click `Install` button to install package.

## Usage
When a folder/project is loaded, Atomic Management will look for a
`.atom/config.cson` or `.atom/config.json` file in the opened folder. If no such
file is found, global configurations are used (as per usual). If a project file
is found, it is loaded as Project Configurations and will override the global
configuration when in the project's context.

This allows users to configure visual settings (font size, color, themes),
disable packages, modify settings for other packages, etc. on a per-project
basis *without* tampering with global configurations.

Users can begin using this package immediately after installation with no
additional configuration other than the creation of the `.atom/config.cson` or
`.atom/config.json` file. If you encounter issues, please submit a GitHub issue
with as many details as possible.

## Per-Project Config files: How to
The `.atom/config.cson` or `.atom/config.json` file should be specified in a syntax
similar to the global config file `.atom/config.cson`. An example is shown
below.

```
"*":
    core: {
        themes: [
            "one-light-ui",
            "one-light-syntax"
        ]
        disabledPackages: [
            "markdown-preview"
        ]
    }
    editor: {
        fontSize: 15
        tabLength: 4
    }
    "bracket-matcher":
        autocompleteBrackets: true

".text.html.php":
    editor:
        tabLength: 8
    "bracket-matcher":
        autocompleteBrackets: false

".source.python":
    editor:
        tabLength: 2
```

This package supports all Atom configurations, including but not limited to:

- Specifying settings for the global namespace `*` (affects all files) or
  settings that only affect individual filetypes
    - See [here](https://flight-manual.atom.io/using-atom/sections/basic-customization/#finding-a-languages-scope-name)
      for instructions on how to find a language's scope name.
- `core` and `editor` settings
    - Themes
    - Packages to disable
- Package-specific configurations, such as those of the `bracket-matcher`
  package

For a full list of configurable content, please see the official atom
documentation [here](https://flight-manual.atom.io/using-atom/sections/basic-customization/#configuration-key-reference).

Features that pertain explicitly to styling, such as font color, can be changed
by creating themes and placing them in the `core` array. See
[here][creating-a-theme] for more details on creating themes.

[creating-a-theme]: https://flight-manual.atom.io/hacking-atom/sections/creating-a-theme/

## FAQ
- [How do per-project config files interact with global config?](#How-do-per-project-config-files-interact-with-global-config)
- [How to reset my choice of which per-project config file to use as default?](#How-to-reset-my-choice-of-which-per-project-config-file-to-use-as-default)

### How do per-project config files interact with the global config?
The settings described in the `.atom/config.cson` or `.atom/config.json` file
will override the global Atom configuration, and each operates independently of
each other.

If you wish to change settings on a per-project level, directly edit/create the
`.atom/config.cson` or `.atom/config.json` under the project's root directory. If
you wish to change global settings, directly edit the global configuration
either through `Edit > Config` on Windows/Linux or `Atom > Config` on Mac.

### How to reset my choice of which per-project config file to use as default?
In `Packages > atomic-management`, select the option `Reset remembered config`.
